You bastards
To actually use such a dirty trick
And I lived for more than 20 years
It's the first time I've seen such a superb woman, hahaha.
I'm telling you this girl is just too stupid
What about the west wind in the live stream?
I said I was her and came
big brother
Don't forget us when you're done playing
You hahaha
I just like you to play with the rest, hahaha, tasteful.
Haha, today, I'm not welcome, haha.
Stop
What are you doing?
I don't want to get my hands dirty
Are you courting death?
What are you doing?
Ah!
Hey, don't come here, I won't strangle me to death, go
Hi everyone hi brother
Do you have any money on you?
Go out in a hurry and don't bring money, hurry up, hurry up
Okay, enough is enough. Okay.
Leave 10 bucks for a taxi
Car car
Oops Chongyang
Chongyang
Don't you touch me
What are you doing?